data/mm-cbir/part2/img1-contrast.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/terms.txt.i
data/ui/report-functional-feedback-walkthrough.pdf.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it1-blended.png.i
data/self-reflection.md.i
data/mm-cbir/part1/color_code.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/Networks_ Dijkstra's.pdf.i
data/mm-cbir/part1/color_code.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/Networks_ Dijkstra's.pdf.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/img1-contrast.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it1-blended.png.d
data/ui/report-functional-feedback-walkthrough.pdf.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it3-blended.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it3-pre.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it3.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-icons_3572ac_256x240.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it3.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it3-blended.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/GraphSearch.js.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it3-pre.png.i
data/ui/ui.md.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/jquery.jsPlumb-1.3.16-all-min.js.i
data/mm-cbir/part1-img/intensity_33.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/av-graph.css.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/av-viz-viewers.css.i
data/mm-cbir/part1-img/intensity_33.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/jquery-ui.min.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-bg_fine-grain_10_eceadf_60x60.png.i
data/ml-dec-tree/tree-pat.png.i
data/ml-dec-tree/tree-pat.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it3-pre.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part1-img/intensity_93.png.d
data/ui/ind-report-feedback-cognitive-heuristic.pdf.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it0.png.d
data/ui/ind-report-feedback-cognitive-heuristic.pdf.i
data/mm-cbir/part1-img/intensity_93.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it0.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it3-pre.png.i
data/ui/lo-fi/3.jpg.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it0.png.d
data/mm-cbir/index.md.i
data/ui/lo-fi/3.jpg.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-JsPlumbGraphInputter.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-bg_fine-grain_65_654b24_60x60.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-layout.js.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it2.png.i
data/ui/slides-eval-without-users-congitive-heuristic.pdf.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/animated-overlay.gif.i
data/patrec-feature-selection/assignment.pdf.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it3.png.i
data/patrec-feature-selection/assignment.pdf.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it3.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-PriorityQueueViewer.js.i
data/ui/slides-eval-without-users-congitive-heuristic.pdf.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it2.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it3-pre.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/report.pdf.d
data/net-dijkstra/report.pdf.i
data/ml-dec-tree/Machine Learning_ Decision Tree Classifier.pdf.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it3-pre.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/assignment.pdf.d
data/sim-friction/sim-friction.md.i
data/sim-friction/report.pdf.d
data/ui/demo.avi.d
data/ui/demo.avi.i
data/sim-friction/report.pdf.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/start-state.png.i
data/ml-dec-tree/tree-pat-subset.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/exe-in-explorer.png.i
data/ui/lo-fi/5.jpg.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-PseudocodeInputter.js.i
data/ml-dec-tree/ml-dec-tree.md.i
data/ui/lo-fi-img/6-achievements-screen.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/underscore-previous-min.js.i
data/ui/lo-fi/5.jpg.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it2-blended.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-bg_fine-grain_68_b83400_60x60.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it2-blended.png.i
data/patrec-feature-selection/index.md.i
data/sim-friction/index.md.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it3.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it1-pre.png.i
data/ui/lo-fi/2.jpg.i
data/mm-cbir/part1/asn-simple-cbir.pdf.d
data/ui/lo-fi/2.jpg.d
data/mm-cbir/part1/asn-simple-cbir.pdf.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it1-pre.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it3.png.i
data/sim-friction/problem-description.pdf.d
data/mm-cbir/part1/intensity.png.i
data/sim-friction/problem-description.pdf.i
data/mm-cbir/part1/intensity.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/buckets-minified.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-icons_8c291d_256x240.png.i
data/sim-friction/friction-coefficients.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/graph.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/av-viz-pseudocode.css.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it2-pre.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it2.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it2.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it2-pre.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/underscore.js.i
data/ui/report-after-user-testing.pdf.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it1.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/dijkstra.html.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it1.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part1-img/color_code_33.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/jquery.jsPlumb-latest-min.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/jquery-ui.js.i
data/ui/index.md.i
data/sim-friction/all-friction-forces.png.d
data/sim-friction/all-friction-forces.png.i
data/mm-cbir/report.md.i
data/mm-cbir/part1-img/color_code_33.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-bg_fine-grain_15_ffffff_60x60.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part1/report.pdf.i
data/ui/report-after-user-testing.pdf.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/av-viz-visualizer.css.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/report.pdf.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/underscore-min.js.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/report.pdf.d
data/mm-cbir/part1/report.pdf.d
data/ui/lo-fi-img/2-new-game.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/jquery-ui.custom.css.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-bg_fine-grain_10_f8f7f6_60x60.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/underscore.string.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/assignment.pdf.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-DataStructures.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-PseudocodeModel.js.i
data/ui/lo-fi-img/2-new-game.png.d
data/ui/ind-report-functional-usability-reqs.pdf.d
data/net-dijkstra/net-dijkstra.md.i
data/ml-dec-tree/assignment.pdf.i
data/ui/ind-report-functional-usability-reqs.pdf.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-ArrayIndexViewer.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/jquery.ui.touch-punch.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-common.js.i
data/ui/lo-fi-img/6-achievements-screen.png.i
data/ui/lo-fi-img/5-options-screen.png.i
data/ml-dec-tree/index.md.i
data/mm-cbir/mm-cbir.md.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it1.png.d
data/ml-dec-tree/assignment.pdf.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-bg_diagonal-maze_20_6e4f1c_10x10.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-bg_fine-grain_15_f7f3de_60x60.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/img1-entropy.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/BestFirstSearch.js.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it1.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/relevance strategy for img1.txt.i
data/.hgignore.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/img1-all-textures.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/Pat Kujawa MM 578 asn3 report.docx.d
data/ui/lo-fi-img/3-map-in-game.png.i
data/ui/lo-fi-img/3-map-in-game.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-bg_fine-grain_15_eceadf_60x60.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/Pat Kujawa MM 578 asn3 report.docx.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/jquery.jsPlumb-1.3.14-all.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-VertexViewer.js.i
data/ui/lo-fi/1.jpg.d
data/sim-friction/assignment.pdf.d
data/ui/lo-fi/4.jpg.d
data/sim-friction/assignment.pdf.i
data/ui/lo-fi/4.jpg.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it2-pre.png.i
data/ui/lo-fi/1.jpg.i
data/ui/lo-fi-img/5-options-screen.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/underscore.string.min.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-viz-visualizer.js.i
data/ui/lo-fi-img/4-tower-upgrades.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/jquery.qtip-1.0.0-rc3.min.js.i
data/ui/lo-fi-img/4-tower-upgrades.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it0.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-JsPlumbGraphViewer.js.i
data/patrec-feature-selection/Pattern Rec_ Feature Selection Project.pdf.i
data/sim-friction/long-video.avi.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/jquery.min.js.i
data/sim-friction/long-video.avi.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/springy.js.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it1.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-icons_fbdb93_256x240.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it1-pre.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it1.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it2-pre.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it1-pre.png.i
data/patrec-feature-selection/Pattern Rec_ Feature Selection Project.pdf.d
data/patrec-feature-selection/patrec-feature-selection.md.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it2-pre.png.d
data/sim-friction/video-repeated-friction-force.avi.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/sprintf-0.7-beta1.js.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/img1-energy.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it1-pre.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it1-blended.pdn.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/report.md.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it1-pre.png.d
data/sim-friction/video-repeated-friction-force.avi.d
data/mm-cbir/portfolio-writeup.md.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/texture-table-results.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-ArrayViewer.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/jquery.ui.touch-punch.min.js.i
data/ml-dec-tree/Machine Learning_ Decision Tree Classifier.pdf.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/jquery-ui.custom.min.css.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf all img1 blue sky with clouds/it2-pre.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-GraphModel.js.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/cc-table-results-callout.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part1-img/color_code_93.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/things got way wrong after it2.txt.i
data/ui/lo-fi-img/1-title-screen.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/jquery-ui.min-previous.js.i
data/ui/lo-fi-img/1-title-screen.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/underscore-previous.js.i
data/sim-friction/repeated-friction-force.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part1-img/color_code_93.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/img1-all-textures.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it2.png.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/astar.css.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-bg_diagonal-maze_40_000000_10x10.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it1-blended.pdn.d
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/buckets.js.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/intensity-table-results.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-BasicViewer.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-icons_ffffff_256x240.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/img1-entropy.png.d
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it0.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/img1-energy.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/index.md.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-icons_222222_256x240.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/asn-cbir-rf.pdf.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rfsimple img1 blue sky with clouds/it2.png.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/av-PseudocodeViewer.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/js/jquery-1.8.1.min.js.i
data/net-dijkstra/code/css/pepper-grinder/images/ui-icons_b83400_256x240.png.i
data/mm-cbir/part2/rf cc+int img1 blue sky with clouds/it0.png.d
